Add versionId and priorVersionId (#515)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/2-3-Events.md

`hub.topic` | Required | string | The session topic given in the subscription request. MAY be a Universally Unique Identifier ([UUID](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4122)).
`hub.event` | Required | string | The event that triggered this notification, taken from the list of events from the subscription request.
`context`   | Required | array | An array of named FHIR objects corresponding to the user's context after the given event has occurred.

> `versionId`   | Optional | string | A string displaying the context's version ID. `versionId` SHALL be required for *-update events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`versionId`   | Conditional| string | A string displaying the context's version ID. `versionId` SHALL be present for *-update events.

```

`hub.topic` | Required | string | The session topic given in the subscription request. MAY be a Universally Unique Identifier ([UUID](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4122)).
`hub.event` | Required | string | The event that triggered this notification, taken from the list of events from the subscription request.
`context`   | Required | array | An array of named FHIR objects corresponding to the user's context after the given event has occurred.
`versionId`   | Conditional| string | A string displaying the context's version ID. `versionId` SHALL be present for *-update events.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Delete extraneous white space that (probably) breaks table.
